report.text

a. One fo the biggest obstacles I've had with this project is learning to code incrementally. I'm someone who likes to start with the big picture and with this project, that was not really feasible so I really had to learn to scale down and start small which was a big challenge for me to do. I also struggled a lot with using C strings instead of normal strings and differentiating between them because I was in so much of a habit of just using strings and then arrays that I had to think out of the box a little to do the project with C-Strings instead. 

B.  
I created a function called wordChecker that will check if its a word and how long the word is. 
Then for function stuff, I use get line to put the input text into a Cstring named inputText. Then I enter a for loop to check each word of a function using my wordChecker function. First, If the maximum allowed lineLength is less than 1, then we return 2 and don't have any other output.
Then if the characters in my string are a word, and if the word does not end with punctuation or start with a number sign, and if the word is less than the line and there is enough space for it to completely fit, and if its not the first word in the line, output a space before the word and then output the word. Or, if it is the first word of a new line then just output the word.
If, the word we are looking at is longer than the lineLinegth, we return -1 and then split the word across the lines and then do the same process as above for words that are not bigger than the line length. 
If, there is a period or question mark, we follow the above process except we add the punctuation to the word length and output two spaces if the punctuation does not occur at the end of the line. 
If wordChecker identifies a paragraph break, we go to a new line and if it is in-between two paragraphs, then we skip a line too. 
Once we reach the end of the file and have looped through all the words, we go to a new line and terminate the function. 

c.  

Stuff (0 , ifstream, ofstream) I used this to check if it will return 2 without any output.
stuff(3, cin, cout)
stuff(3, iftsream, ofstream) I used these two to check if it can pull from a file and from the console. 
stuff(3, cin, cout)where cin = Hello to check how it would handle a word larger than linelength.

stuff(15, ifstream, ofstream)
ifstream = Aylin likes dogs.
	   Aylin likes dog-lovers over cat-lovers since dog-lovers are better. This was to check for hyphens 
	   Aylin likes dogs. Do you? #p# I know that you do. This was to check punctuation and paragraph breaks. 

